[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: Last time, we talked
about the filter method
on arrays that allows you to
throw away array elements that
don't fulfill a predicate.
Sometimes, however, you're not
really into in throwing stuff
away but rather, in whether
there will be anything
left at all after filtering.
And for this very reason,
there's "some" and "every."
Let's say we have a form with
a couple of mandatory input
fields.
Before submitting
the form, we want
to make sure that every
mandatory field has
a value in it.
And surprise, we can
use "every" here.
"Every" only returns true when
every element in the array
fulfills the given predicate.
Its counterpart is "some,"
a method that returns true
if there's at least one
element in the array that
fulfills the predicate.
Let's say you have a
couple of functions
that validate address formats
from different countries.
In this scenario, all
you're really interested in
is if any of these
validators say
that the address given
by the user is valid,
and not necessarily which of
these validators is saying so.
So keep "every"
and "some" in mind
whenever you use these words
to describe a condition.
[WHISTLES]
In case you missed
it, we already
had one episode on
functional array methods
in JavaScript last time.
So if you missed that one,
you should watch it over here.
And if you want to know when
the next episode comes out,
you should subscribe
to this channel
so you can get notifications.
[MUSIC PLAYING]